“When we lose our principles, we invite chaos.” 
“I have burrowed underneath your brain. I am nested there. I am the scream in your mind. You will cooperate.” 
“The concept of waiting bewilders me. There are always deadlines. There are always ticking clocks. That is why you must manage your time.” 
“I’ve never found it hard to hack most people. If you listen to them, watch them, their vulnerabilities are like a neon sign.” 
“Control can sometimes be an illusion. But sometimes you need illusion to gain control.” 
“They will die in debt for things they didn’t want to do.” 
“Getting into the mind of a woman, it’s the toughest route for even the best sources.” 
“Most kids get scared shitless when they’re alone, but I wasn’t. I loved it.” 
“Don’t mistake my generosity for generosity.” 
“When you see a good move, look for a better one.” 
“People always told me growing up that it’s never about the destination. It’s about the journey. But what if the destination is you?” 
“Power belongs to the people that take it. Nothing to do with their hard work, strong ambitions, or rightful qualifications, no. The actual will to take is often the only thing that’s necessary.” 
“Sure, there are grays… But when you come right down to it, at its core, beneath every choice, there’s either a one or a zero. You either do something or you don’t.” 
“You walk out that door, you’ve decided to do nothing, to say no, which means you do not come back. You leave, you are no longer a part of this. You become a zero. If you stay, if you want to change the world, you become a yes. You become a one.” 
“The world is a dangerous place, Elliott, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.” 
“My dad was a… petty thief. Never could hold down a job, so, he just robbed. Convenience stores, shops, small-time stuff.” 
“She doesn’t love the people who love her. She loves the people who don’t.” 
“I believe in fate. There’s a reason we met. There’s something between us. I can see it.” 
“Though she’s a psychologist she’s really bad at reading people but I’m good at reading people. My secret? I look for the worst in them.” 
“We’re all living in each other’s paranoia.” 
“It’s good. So good, it scratched that part of my mind. The part that doesn’t allow good to exist without a condition.” 
“Maybe wars aren’t meant to be won, maybe they’re meant to be continuous.” 
“Though she’s a psychologist she’s really bad at reading people but I’m good at reading people. My secret? I look for the worst in them.” 
“I never want to be right about my hacks, but people always find a way to disappoint.” 
“I’m good at reading people. My secret, I look for the worst in them.” 

